young man
It's not just ridiculous that you're in the limelight now
Shame on a man with an axe
Grandpa, you're awake
Oh, that's much better.
What about Mr. Hua?
Just got a rare toxic congestion
Spit it out and wait for me to prescribe a few prescriptions
It will heal in a few days.
How did it go?
Chen Hao, thank you.
You are welcome. The magic of traditional Chinese medicine
It's not that one oppresses another.
elevate yourself
Malicious smearing can cover him up
Mr. Zheng
Have you forgotten the bet we made just now?
It's over, don't talk nonsense
Someone as important as Mr. Zheng
How could you cheat for such a little money?
If this gets out
How will Mr. Zheng stay in this circle in the future?
Don't be complacent
A stone gambling competition will be officially held in two days
If you have a compliment, come and participate
Of course, if you want to be a shrinking turtle
I can't help it either.
Mr. Zheng, don't worry.
I will definitely accompany your scene to the end
We'll see.